hey what's going on guys min here and
today I've got a web app video for you
guys showing you what I got in my
starter pack to think of got 44 or
player packs two gold packs and I think
there's a few mini packs in there from
when I actually went to first one on the
web app and you get a little parkour
little priority today and this is on my
F UC founder account I don't think it
says at the top there but I think it
says s September book that's an issue
the showing up but that was the only
mini silverback that might as well open
it cuz it was there we start off with
the old players pack and i think i think
i skip bed no i don't but it starts off
pretty well to be honest not not
fantastically well but pretty well I get
Diego Alvarez and Soldado as well shall
Dada 184 I think he was an 82 and fifa
12 and it's good good seem upgrading my
I think he's gonna be a pretty good play
this game if paces and as much as in of
an issue but I've already mentioned that
in loads of videos that are going to be
coming up as well so a good little start
there and especially with so badly want
to fall onto onto formation I think da
golfers in 431 for what for 312
formation which is pretty good so they
can sell for a bit more especially
saltado in the fall onto anto because
that's a formation always sells for
loads extra couple of thousand book the
second back didn't go as well as the
first one be we got a little red silver
player she said I think it with eighty
one piece so hopefully you'll go for a
fair few coins but of course it's just
to get you started so you can only trade
your way up and that otherwise they
wouldn't matter to play packs on my fut
founder account and we move on to my
order to come where either but a few
more packs and to be honest I I never
got anyone absolutely brilliant if you
were a few decent packs and just those
little gold players you you can sell for
say 350 500 coins they'll get you
started if you say you get 10 then you
can get up to a few thousand coins that
can get you started so you can trade
through play so we got and like our
plans his name but he's quite Pacey so
you should sell for a fair few been we
go 74 silver as well I'm just going to
keep hold of him to see I wish price
goes when the game phase comes out
because never know it might be able /
champ and in my little mini goldpocket
got the montpellier budget contract and
a magic and a gold Brazilian player so
you probably go for a few hundred coins
but again no I'm fantastic I've seen one
run out on the market i think it's the
xbox 360 market again this pack is not
especially it just gets me a few
contracts
so I want to do start my team I've got a
few bases there I didn't actually really
look at what the formation cards were
but hopefully they were shouldn't good
none and no one I don't like the fort on
two and two because there was no shiny
ones there but again Luis Gustavo not a
bad place again the packing Leon Brittan
as well again nawl injuries cards as
well as ads too I got the Santos home
and away kit which is I don't know you
could say rare to get the whole away
kits of one club in one pack but it's
not the rarity that you'd say one you'd
want a rare car like Ronaldo was when I
share your lap or enforcing I wasn't
that lucky to get in my starts back some
people have been and that's really lucky
I mean that would be I've go absolutely
crazy and show you with if you got some
lenguin although i'm messing your
packbow hope you guys enjoy this little
video please leave a like if you think
it deserves subscribe if you haven't
already and I'll see you guys later